Added corrections to android getting started guide (#669)
MapsPeople/docs: src/android/v3/getting-started/search.md

To be able to search we will use a text input field where a user can write what they want to search for. This is placed at the top of the MapsActivity

> To call our search method with the text in the search input field, we then add an `EditorActionListener` and a `OnClickListener` to the text input field and the search button in the `onCreate` of `MapsActivity`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To call our search method with the text in the search input field, we add an `EditorActionListener` and a `OnClickListener` to the text input field, as well as the search button in the `onCreate` of `MapsActivity`.
```
